Hometask 3 (DeadLine: Friday 30.09)

You will need to create tests for Mail.Ru (supposed that you have registered account).
Requirements
1.	Use RemoteWebdriver to run your tests using Chrome and Firefox.
2.	Put your tests to /src/main/java because this is not a unit testing already.
3.	Use TestRunner that you created in bounds of home task 2 (L5).
4.	Set implicitly wait timeout in 1 second.
5.	Create folder in resources where you put your xml suites.
6.	You need configured Maven checkstyle plugin. Project that doesn’t pass validation will not be accepted for review. (how to configure see demo in repository  https://bitbucket.org/avasilyeu/gomel-tat2016q3-demo (branch L6)).
7.	Create your tests using PageObjects (at least 1 PageObject should be done via PageFactory).
8.	For testing use selenium-java version 2.53.1, use firefox 47.0.1 (disable updates, if need, because higher versions not supported anymore)
Need to write tests for following cases:
●	Test login into mail using credentials (positive and negative check)
●	Test send mail. You fill all fields properly and send mail (send mail to same address you used for sent). Check that mail exists in folder Sent and in folder Inbox.
●	Try to send mail without properly filled address, check error is present.
●	Check you can send mail without subject and body, check that mail is present in Sent and Inbox folders.
●	Create draft mail, and delete it. Check that mail appeared in Trash. Delete it permanently and check that mail is deleted.
Home task recommendations:
●	Use in your tests preconditions for common actions e.g. ui setup, login and so on.
●	Create utility class that will give you instance of WebDriver to use.
●	Split your tests by steps do not mix all actions in one method.
●	Add postfix "Test" to your test class name (naming convention).
●	One test case per one java class!
●	Each @Test should contain assert (message shown, letter disappeared in folder, etc).
●	Use explicit waits, if you need to wait some state.
●	Do not forget to configure your xml suites for both cases.
